Var substitution opt-in docs (#389)
fluxcd/kustomize-controller: docs/spec/v1beta1/kustomization.md

kustomize.toolkit.fluxcd.io/substitute: disabled
``` 

> Substitution needs to be defined opt-in. If not at least a single variable or resource to substitute from is defined, no var substitution is performed. So even expressions which should evaluate to a default value won't be evaluated. To enable var substitution, just set at least one variable which will enable var substitution for the Kustomization, if you don't have any other variables on the Kustomization. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Substitution of variables only happens if at least a single variable or resource to substitute
from is defined. This may cause issues if you rely on expressions which should evaluate to a
default, even if no other variables are configured. To work around this, one can set an
arbitrary key/value pair to enable the substitution of variables. For example: 
```

Rephrased it a bit, as this suggestion is easier to read for myself, but I am open to counter suggestions :-)

Author: Seems good to me

```
apiVersion: kustomize.toolkit.fluxcd.io/v1beta1
kind: Kustomization
metadata:
  name: apps
spec:
  ...
  postBuild:
    substitute:

>       enabled: "true"

Reviewer: Given this can be _any_ value, I would use something more explicitly unique, to not accidentally set something we do not want to set and overwrite people their value.

Author: Something like that?

Reviewer: Perfect!
